[Music]
well I've been clicked on thanks you
know cats are awesome cats are cute cats
will distract you from whatever super
important task you were trying to do
when you stumbled upon them online but
what makes them so exceptionally
fantastic and special well before you
become a real feline expert click the
subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to always stay on the
bright side of life starting with number
one cats can make up 100 different
sounds in comparison dogs are capable of
producing only 10 it's hard to find a
person who has never heard a cat meow or
purr and don't forget about their
alarming hissing chirping and trilling
when asking for something there's also
the chattering from excitement and
yowling it's pretty much like moaning
for all sorts of different reasons -
cats are capable of recognizing their
owners voice this was discovered in a
2013 study from the University of Tokyo
cats distinguished between the voices of
strangers and their owners showing a
greater reaction to the latter however
in their 9,000 years of evolution cats
have always been free spirits and they
choose not to obey their owners unlike
dogs number three while many cultures
see black cats as a sign of bad luck
they're really loved in others in the
English Midlands black cats are an
excellent wedding gift in France taking
care of them is believed to bring good
luck in Japan and other Asian countries
having a black cat is like becoming the
master of your own lock
[Music]
number four there are currently 44
registered cat breeds in the world the
top three most popular breeds are
Persian cats Maine Coons gotta love
those ears and Siamese cats according to
the ecology global network 500 million
cats worldwide are currently kept as
pets five the first and only cat to go
into space was Phil ascent
also known as a stroke ad from France
she took off in 1963 and went as far as
outer space Phylis it had electrodes
implanted in her brain that sent signals
to earth fortunately she came back
safely
number six cats have more sensitive
hearing than humans and dogs humans can
hear in a range between 20 Hertz and 20
kilohertz dogs are capable of catching
40 kilohertz but cats hear frequencies
as high as 60 kilohertz 7 in addition to
super hearing cats can develop a super
speed of 31 miles per hour
compare that to the 28 miles per hour
that the fastest human Usain Bolt is
capable of eight purring is one of the
most basic things cats do
yet scientists still don't know for sure
how that works most vets agree that it
has to do with vocal cords vibrating
deep in the throat a muscle in the
larynx
opens and blocks the air passage at a
speed of 25 times per second nine cats
normally have one to nine kittens in a
litter back in 1970 a Burmese Siamese
cat from Oxfordshire you pay gave birth
to 19 kittens of which 15 survive this
made the cat a Guinness world record
holder number 10 cats have an
interesting way of letting you know
who's the boss if they leave their
faeces uncovered they're clearly trying
to show you that they dominate in the
household especially if there are other
cats to compete with this comes from
wild cats who mark their territory and
demonstrate their power over others in
this way 11 researchers at the
School of Veterinary Medicine at Tufts
University claimed that a cat's brain is
much more like a human brain than a
dog's brain feline brains have a surface
folding just like human brains there are
also the same regions in the brains of
our little fluffy friends that are
responsible for emotions as we have
ourselves numbers wealth the first cat
or more likely its prehistoric relative
lived on earth 30 million years ago it
was named Bob now actually pro larious
meaning first cat in greek the pet cats
family appeared 12 million years ago 13
the largest wild cat is the Siberian
tiger
it can reach 12 feet in length and weigh
up to 700 pounds and basically the size
of a small car as for pedigreed cats
Maine Coons are the biggest of them all
with an impressive maximum weight of 25
pounds which is twice as heavy as the
average cat the smallest breed you can
keep at home is the singapura that QT
weighs just 4 pounds and that's the
equivalent of 5 large cans of cat food
14 we all know that cats hate water and
that's because their fur wasn't meant to
insulate effectively however there is
one unique kitty breed from Central Asia
that enjoys swimming
the Turkish van its coat has a special
water-resistant texture 15 the oldest
cat breed on earth is the Egyptian Mau
its ancestors walk the planet more than
4000 years ago if you ever find yourself
in Egypt you'll know how to say cat it's
mal no not meow just now 16
some people love cats so much they can't
get enough that must have been the
reason for the first pet to be cloned
commercially it was a cat named Little
Nicky and its owner paid fifty thousand
dollars for the process that's one
really expensive Kitty number seventeen
if you've ever wondered how to name a
group of cats there's a special word for
it clowder
as in a clowder of cats other names are
clutter and glaring for adult cats and
litter for kittens and then if you cook
them in a soup it's called a cat chowder
no not really
18 we've all heard stories of how cats
find their way home even when they are
miles away from their owners this talent
is called sight traveling experts
believe that cats either have special
magnetized cells in their brains that
work as an inbuilt compass or confine
their way using the angle of sunlight or
they have kitty GPS
19 have you ever noticed how cats never
meow at each other
in fact they purr spit and hiss at each
other only meowing at humans makes you
feel special doesn't it 20 when cats
need something from their owner they can
adapt their Meowth and manipulate humans
who would say no to a kitty that sounds
like a crying baby
[Music]
[Applause]
21 attention coffee lovers this one is
for you the most expensive coffee in the
world is called Kopi Luwak it's created
from the Luwak civet cat hold on your
coffee cups the cat eats coffee berries
and then processes them in its stomach
and yes this means it poops out the
coffee beans this cats cat is cleaned
and roasted and costs 500 bucks per 1
pound Oh
excuse me I'd like to order a
double-shot Kopi Luwak latte nonfat
no-foam with whip are you kidding why
don't you just can't because that would
be redundant of course number 22 130,000
hairs per square inch is what makes cats
so adorably fluffy 23 just like humans
cats can be right and left-handed I'm
sorry pod most female cats are righties
most males are lefties number 24 the
most successful Mouse catcher of all
cats was probably Towser
she lived in Scotland and protected the
barley store so bravely cows are the
Mouser caught around 30,000 mice and was
given a commemorative bronze statue
after she passed away
the mice on the other hand threw a big
party
25 the heart of a cat beats twice as
fast as that of a human with 110 to 140
beats every minute 26 cats are super
sensitive when it comes to feeling
vibrations some say cats can detect
earthquakes 10 to 15 minutes before
humans this could be handy if you live
in an earthquake zone 27 certain cat
breeds can change color depending on
their body temperature this was first
discovered in Siamese cats by Russian
biologists in the 1930s these cats have
albino genes that work their magic when
the temperature rises above 98 degrees
Fahrenheit they often have dark points
on their feet tail and ears or face the
extremities of their bodies well the
rest of their fur remains creamy white
this also works for Himalayan and other
oriental cat breeds 28 the first cat to
appear in a cartoon was Felix the cat
back in 1919 Tom probably the most
famous cartoon cat famous for his
burning desire to capture Jerry the
mouse became a star of a theatrical
cartoon called puss gets the boot 21
years later cats the biggest cat musical
of all time premiered in 1981 in London
29 you might love to travel but can you
compete with Hamlet a true jet setter
the kitty that escaped from his carrier
in the air spent seven weeks aboard the
airplane and covered a total distance of
370 3,000 miles 30 now here's a cat so
rich it could afford to go anywhere in
the world if it wanted to Tommaso was a
stray cat begging for food on the
streets of Rome until he met his future
owner Maria Assunta grateful for all the
love the kitty gave her the childless
lady decided that Tommaso deserved to
inherit a fortune of 13 million dollars
was impossible to leave all that to a
cat the lady made her nurse the cat's
trusted fortune keeper 31 if you think
milk is the best treat you can give your
cat because it's a natural product
you're wrong just like most adult
mammals cats can be lactose-intolerant
yikes wow that's quite a bunch of facts
about our funny furry feline friends
which of these cat facts sounded the
most interesting to you
I myself vote for the cat poop coffee
let us know in the comments below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life meow
[Music]